Fix: Client-side account deletion (#2775)
appwrite/appwrite: docs/references/users/delete.md

> Delete a user by its unique ID, releasing it's ID. Since ID is released and can be reused, all user-related resources like documents or storage files should be deleted before user deletion. If you want to keep ID reserved, use 'updateStatus' instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a user by its unique ID, thereby releasing it's ID. Since ID is released and can be reused, all user-related resources like documents or storage files should be deleted before user deletion. If you want to keep ID reserved, use the [updateStatus]() endpoint instead.
```

Todo: Add link to the update Status endpoint
